docs/tailwind.md, before:

# Tailwind

## Add Tailwind

Initial setup

```bash
yarn add -D tailwindcss autoprefixer cssnano postcss-cli
yarn add -D postcss-import postcss-flexbugs-fixes postcss-preset-env
cd apps/it-force
npx tailwind init
cd ../..
```

## Add PostCSS

Inside the `it-force` package create `postcss.config.js` file inspired by [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/customizing-postcss-config). The tricky thing was to convert the array notaion to the object notation.

```js
const { join } = require('path')

module.exports = {
  plugins: {
    'postcss-import': {},
    'tailwindcss/nesting': {},
    tailwindcss: {
      config: join(__dirname, 'tailwind.config.js'),
    },
    ...(process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production'
      ? {
          'postcss-flexbugs-fixes': {},
          'postcss-preset-env': {
            autoprefixer: {
              flexbox: 'no-2009',
            },
            stage: 3,
            features: {
              'custom-properties': false,
              'color-mod-function': { unresolved: 'warn' },
            },
          },
          cssnano: { preset: 'default' },
        }
      : {}),
  },
}
```

In VSCode we can add [PostCSS Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=csstools.postcss) extension (tip of TailwindCSS).

## Configure CSS Assets

We change the generated `tailwind.config.js` to this:

```js
const { createGlobPatternsForDependencies } = require('@nrwl/react/tailwind')
const { join } = require('path')

module.exports = {
  content: [
    join(__dirname, 'src/**/*!(*.stories|*.spec).{html,js,ts,tsx}'),
    ...createGlobPatternsForDependencies(__dirname),
  ],
  presets: [require('../../tailwind-workspace-preset.js')],
  darkMode: 'class', // or 'media'
}
```

Inside the `src/assets` folder, we create `tailwind.css` file with a bunch of imports. It is very important that the actual styling is imported, not specified in this file:

```css
@import './_tw-base';
@import './_base';
@import './_markdown';

@import './_tw-components';
@import './_components';

@import './_tw-utilities';
```

We place all the partial files to be imported in the same folder.

## Configure Styling Scripts

We add the following scripts to the `package.json` in the root of `it-force` application:

```json
{
  ...
  scripts: {
    ...
    "build-css": "postcss src/assets/tailwind.css -o dist/assets/main.css --map",
    "watch-css": "postcss src/assets/*.css -o dist/assets/main.css --map -w"
  }
}
```

This will create `main.css` with all the Tailwind and our custom styles inside the `it-force/dist/assets` folder.

Commit message:

chore: 🤖 remove the libs/styles library as deprecated

docs/tailwind.md, after:

# Tailwind

## Philosophy

__Tailwind__ adds content and utility CSS based on our actual code to minimize the resulting CSS bundle. At one time, I was thinking of creating a shared lib with all the Tailwind stuff including my custom styling. But then I realized that it has little sense. Inside such shared library, we will get no optimization like purging of the not used CSS rules as it is not aware of the specific utility classes we use in siblings apps and libs.

Every sibling app or lib using Tailwind would then need to recompile its CSS based on the globally shared Tailwind CSS plus the actual content and utilities based on the current app or lib. A better option is to compile CSS on a per app or lib basis individually. So, when we import shared components from a lib into an app, we only import `.tsx` but __not__ that lib own styles. Then inside the app, Tailwind recompilation will take care of CSS __including__ the utility classes from those shared lib components.

## Add Tailwind

Initial setup

```bash
yarn add -D tailwindcss autoprefixer cssnano postcss-cli
yarn add -D postcss-import postcss-flexbugs-fixes postcss-preset-env
cd apps/it-force
npx tailwind init
cd ../..
```

## Add PostCSS

Inside the `it-force` package create `postcss.config.js` file inspired by [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/customizing-postcss-config). The tricky thing was to convert the array notaion to the object notation.

```js
const { join } = require('path')

module.exports = {
  plugins: {
    'postcss-import': {},
    'tailwindcss/nesting': {},
    tailwindcss: {
      config: join(__dirname, 'tailwind.config.js'),
    },
    ...(process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production'
      ? {
          'postcss-flexbugs-fixes': {},
          'postcss-preset-env': {
            autoprefixer: {
              flexbox: 'no-2009',
            },
            stage: 3,
            features: {
              'custom-properties': false,
              'color-mod-function': { unresolved: 'warn' },
            },
          },
          cssnano: { preset: 'default' },
        }
      : {}),
  },
}
```

In VSCode we can add [PostCSS Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=csstools.postcss) extension (tip of TailwindCSS).

## Configure CSS Assets

We change the generated `tailwind.config.js` to this:

```js
const { createGlobPatternsForDependencies } = require('@nrwl/react/tailwind')
const { join } = require('path')

module.exports = {
  content: [
    join(__dirname, 'src/**/*!(*.stories|*.spec).{html,js,ts,tsx}'),
    ...createGlobPatternsForDependencies(__dirname),
  ],
  presets: [require('../../tailwind-workspace-preset.js')],
  darkMode: 'class', // or 'media'
}
```

Inside the `src/assets` folder, we create `tailwind.css` file with a bunch of imports. It is very important that the actual styling is imported, not specified in this file:

```css
@import './_tw-base';
@import './_base';
@import './_markdown';

@import './_tw-components';
@import './_components';

@import './_tw-utilities';
```

We place all the partial files to be imported in the same folder.

## Configure Styling Scripts

We add the following scripts to the `package.json` in the root of `it-force` application:

```json
{
  ...
  scripts: {
    ...
    "build-css": "postcss src/assets/tailwind.css -o dist/assets/main.css --map",
    "watch-css": "postcss src/assets/*.css -o dist/assets/main.css --map -w"
  }
}
```

This will create `main.css` with all the Tailwind and our custom styles inside the `it-force/dist/assets` folder.
